I'm gonna be late again today.
Oh my god! I'm so sorry.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
You need to pay for this.
Oh.
It was you that bumped into me and it was just a light touch.
I have no idea how you must have fallen like that.
Are you trying to leave me?
Because I don't know what's the matter with your generation.
I mean, no respect for the elderly.
What? How did I?
Okay.
Here, can I help you get up first?
Mom, are you gonna help me up?
Are you okay?
No, I am not okay. My leg really hurts.
I don't think I'm gonna be able to walk.
You need to take responsibility for this.
How can a young girl be so bad?
She hit somebody.
Doesn't want to take responsibility.
She looks good.
But she's on me on the inside.
No, no, no. The truth is...
Never mind.
Okay.
Ma'am, do you have your family's contact information?
I can help you reach out to the family.
Who are my family?
I don't remember.